add licensing notification (#4083)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/announcements.md

Scheduled end of maintenance: 14th of April 2026

> ### Configuring license keys

Reviewer: I would call this something like "License key change"

> Camunda 8 components are now able to consume Enterprise licensing information. For additional details, review the [blog post on licensing updates for Camunda 8 Self-Managed](https://camunda.com/blog/2024/04/licensing-update-camunda-8-self-managed/).

Reviewer: I am thinking:

```suggestion
With the 8.6 release, Camunda 8 Self-Managed requires a license key for production usage. For additional details, review the [blog post on licensing updates for Camunda 8 Self-Managed](https://camunda.com/blog/2024/04/licensing-update-camunda-8-self-managed/).
```

Author: Adjusted in latest commit 👍

> Review the documentation for your components for more information on how to provide the license key to each component as an environment variable. To configure with Helm, visit the [Self Managed installation documentation](/self-managed/setup/install.md).

Reviewer: Would it make sense to link all the sub-pages from here for easier discovery?

Author: Added in latest commit 👍

:::note

> Camunda 8 components without a valid license may display **Non-Production License** in the navigation bar and issue warnings in the logs. These warnings have no impact on startup or functionality. To obtain a license, visit the [Camunda Enterprise page](https://camunda.com/platform/camunda-platform-enterprise-contact/).

Reviewer 2: Could we amend this line, please? The overall announcement is not 100% correct since Web Modeller has a limitation of 5 users: "These warnings have no impact on startup or functionality."
Maybe be more accurate to link to a https://camunda.com/pricing/ page? We don't have a dedicated license page.

Scheduled end of maintenance: 14th of April 2026

> ### Configuring license keys

Reviewer: I propose to keep the announcement short and focus on:
1. With 8.6 Camunda requires a license key to run in production (link to blog post)
2. Please find out here how to set the license key (link to install instructions for sm)

Author: Adjusted in latest commit 👍

Camunda 8 components are able to consume Enterprise licensing information with the following Helm configuration:

```yaml
## @extra global.license
license:
  ## @param global.license.key if set, it will be exposed as "CAMUNDA_LICENSE_KEY" in all components, consumable as ENV_VAR.
  key:
  ## @param global.license.existingSecret you can provide an existing secret name for Camunda license secret.
  existingSecret:
  ## @param global.license.existingSecretKey you can provide the key within the existing secret object for Camunda license key.
  existingSecretKey:
```

If your installation of Camunda 8 requires a license key, update your `values.yaml` to include one of following:

- Enter your license key directly in `global.license.key`
- Provide a secret name and secret key in `global.license.existingSecret` and `global.license.existingSecretKey`

> If your installation of Camunda 8 requires a license key, it can be provided to **each component** as an environment variable. See the documentation for your components for more information.

Reviewer 3: Minor, but the repeated `If your installation of Camunda 8 requires a license key` reads a bit weird to me. What about instead adding a third bullet point above with simply `See the documentation for your components for more information on how to provide the license key to each component`

Author: Adjusted 👍
